S216 One point compactification of Q is not hereditarily paracompact (#1435)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000029/properties/P000216.md

---
space: S000029
property: P000216
value: false
refs:

> - mathse: 5070817
>   name: Does the one-point compactification of $\mathbb{Q}$ have the fixed point property?
> ---
> 
> Any neighbourhood of $\infty$ is dense (see lemma 2 in {{mathse:5070817}}), and so given open $U\subseteq X$ with $\infty\in U$ and an open cover $\mathcal{U}$ of $U$ which is locally finite at $\infty$, the cover $\mathcal{U}$ must be finite. It follows that if $U$ is paracompact, then it is compact. Then since $X$ is {P100} space, $U$ must be closed, and since it is a neighbourhood of $\infty$ and so dense in $X$, we must have $U = X$. And so if $K\subseteq \mathbb{Q}$ is any non-empty compact set then $X\setminus K$ is not {P30}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mathse: 5070821
  name: Answer to "Does the one-point compactification of $\mathbb{Q}$ have the fixed point property?"
---

Any neighbourhood of $\infty$ is dense in $X$ (see Lemma 2 in {{mathse:5070821}}).
Let $U$ be an open neighbourhood of $\infty$ and assume $U$ is {P30}.
Any open cover $\mathscr U$ of $U$ has a locally finite open refinement $\mathscr V$.
Let $V\in\mathscr V$ contain $\infty$.
Since $V$ is dense in $X$, the cover $\mathscr V$ is necessarily finite,
and therefore $\mathscr U$ has a finite subcover.  That is, $U$ is compact.
Now, {S29|P100}, which implies $U$ is closed in $X$.
Since $U$ is dense in $X$, necessarily $U=X$.
So any other $U$, of the form $X\setminus K$ for some nonempty compact set $K\subseteq\mathbb Q$, is not {P30}.
```
ref should point to the specific answer, since that's where Lemma 2 resides.
Plus clarifications.
